README.md, before:

# Learning The Rust Programming Language

Author: Caleb Standfield
\
Date: 12/14/24
\
IDE: RustRover

Why am I learning Rust? I have a couple of reasons:
 - I am developing an app with a team of 3 other people. Most simply put, it is a general purpose fitness and health tracker app. The backend will be written in rust and I am our primary backend man.
 - The University of Utah's robotics club uses Rust in the robots programming, thus I need to learn it, so I can contribute.
 - I plan on trying to make a Entity-Component-System (ECS) on my own for a personal project. 
 - I want to see if making a game is possible in Rust.

Learning from the book, "The Rust Programming Language".

I'm using a singular workspace, a folder with all my cargo creates inside of it.
There is a singular:
 - Cargo.lock file 
 - .gitignore
 - README.MD

Then each create and the folder has a :
 - Cargo.toml 

However, RustRover hates me and this folder setup, which is simply a folder containing many cargo crates, and will not allow me to push and pull from RustRover.
I recommend using GitHub Desktop to push and pull this repository.

A note from me after getting to chapter 13:

I want to document everything I am learning, I really do, I think its great practice and worthwhile. 
However, due to time constraints I have to make the hard decision to forgo some documentation in order to prioritize my teams needs.
So some subsections of the Learning Rust Book will go undocumented here.
I will of course go over every section thoroughly, this isn't about slacking on my learning, but I'm to the point in my CS career where a large portion of what I'm "learning" is closer to review, rather than new material.
So for the subchapters I deem necessary or worthy of writing down are the only files I will include in this repository from now on.

Commit message:

chapter 14
a small update to the readme once I learned about cargo workspaces and how this learning project actually classifies as a cargo workspace.

README.md, after:

# Learning The Rust Programming Language

Author: Caleb Standfield
\
Date: 12/14/24
\
IDE: RustRover

Why am I learning Rust? I have a couple of reasons:
 - I am developing an app with a team of 3 other people. Most simply put, it is a general purpose fitness and health tracker app. The backend will be written in rust and I am our primary backend man.
 - The University of Utah's robotics club uses Rust in the robots programming, thus I need to learn it, so I can contribute.
 - I plan on trying to make a Entity-Component-System (ECS) on my own for a personal project. 
 - I want to see if making a game is possible in Rust.

Learning from the book, "The Rust Programming Language".

I'm using a singular workspace, a folder with all my cargo creates inside of it.
There is a singular:
 - Cargo.lock file 
 - .gitignore
 - README.MD

Then each create and the folder has a :
 - Cargo.toml 

However, RustRover hates me and this folder setup, which is simply a folder containing many cargo crates, and will not allow me to push and pull from RustRover.
I recommend using GitHub Desktop to push and pull this repository. - After reading more about workspaces in chapter 14.3 I realize I set this up as a cargo workspace. 

A note from me after getting to chapter 13:

I want to document everything I am learning, I really do, I think its great practice and worthwhile. 
However, due to time constraints I have to make the hard decision to forgo some documentation in order to prioritize my teams needs.
So some subsections of the Learning Rust Book will go undocumented here.
I will of course go over every section thoroughly, this isn't about slacking on my learning, but I'm to the point in my CS career where a large portion of what I'm "learning" is closer to review, rather than new material.
So for the subchapters I deem necessary or worthy of writing down are the only files I will include in this repository from now on.
